Natalie Austin: Jennifer
Jen: Hi, how are you
Natalie Austin: Are you
Jen: Sorry I dropped you
Okay.
Natalie Austin: What's going on. Welcome again.
Jen: Yeah, I'm done back again. So yeah, she just
Jen: Told me that you had today available. So this is my first doctor appointment back
Jen: And I'm surprised. Oh, we don't have to drive anywhere go anywhere.
Natalie Austin: Isn't it
Jen: Yes, it is because I don't have a car right now, so I have to take the bus and last time it was just such a hassle. I couldn't find the place you know so
Jen: But yeah, I
Jen: Just wanted to, um, you know, do my meeting with you. So yeah, my smock son.
Started
Natalie Austin: Then we'll be able to keep our appointments, this time.
Oh, definitely.
Jen: Yeah, last time I just my mom got cancer again and her breast cancer and I moved and it was, it was just a hassle.
Jen: But I apologize about that. But this time I moved in. My mom is
Jen: Done with her chemo again and
Natalie Austin: Good. Well, good, good. She's in remission.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Oh, wonderful.
Jen: Yes, so hopefully it stays away.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, really.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your story, how you got on the medicine or how you boys.
Jen: Like, do you have any tell you how like this last time I got back on Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Well just beginning.
Natalie Austin: So I don't know you suggest something
Jen: Okay, um,
Jen: I mean, I've been. I've been an opioid opioid user on and off for years, um,
Jen: And it's just I was clean for a good, you know, for years, and then I don't even know. I think I stopped talking to my sponsor sub going to some meetings and working a lot. So that kind of, I think, you know, I was like, Oh, I'm good, I'm good. This time, and I was it. Um, but, um, the last time.
Jen: That I did it, I was like, Okay, I'm going to do this, this time and. But then, you know, like I said, my mom got cancer again and it was just, it was a hard time for me. So I don't know. Sometimes I just want to kind of forget it all, you know,
Natalie Austin: Like, well, years ago, how many years has been when he first started using opioids accident. It's
Jen: Um, yeah, I was in a car accident. I think it was about 2223 maybe 24 ish. I don't know. I'm God. I was sitting at a red light. And this guy just wham me from behind.
Jen: So that's I think that's how it started.
Jen: Because I will. Yeah.
Jen: And it just wasn't holding but
Jen: Um, I want to say about 24 ish
Jen: Okay, about a little over 10 years ago, but I've been clean like on and off for years. So
Jen: I don't know, it's just something that I have to deal with. But I'm just, I'm getting too old for this. Now it's the game is over, you know. So I just wanted to get back on this box and just to help me a little bit, so I don't have the reason to go out back out there.
Jen: You say, oh, you know, I mean, I don't even want to anymore.
Jen: Because just the stuff out there is not even
Natalie Austin: $1 you're getting
Jen: You know, right. Exactly, exactly.
Jen: So I want to get back on you, my, my life started back again, you know, go back to college, like I was before. I want to finish that and
Jen: You know, just do what I have to do. Like I said, I'm getting too old for this. This is
Jen: The one game.
Jen: Fun and Games are over.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Jen: No, no, no. There is
Natalie Austin: No.
Natalie Austin: Single know yep worse.
Natalie Austin: Know married
Natalie Austin: Okay, never married. You're smart.
Jen: Yeah, like
Jen: It was really work oriented in my 20s and
Jen: I don't know.
Jen: That's
Natalie Austin: What are you gonna go back to school for
Jen: I was actually going to be a drug and alcohol counselor.
Natalie Austin: Oh, there you go.
Jen: Start off with my CDC gay and just, you know, go from there. So,
Natalie Austin: That's great.
Jen: Even though I'm
Natalie Austin: Go ahead. No, I'm gonna start that
Jen: I'm looking into it. I don't want to overwhelm myself, you know, because I just, I have only been sober for about 30 days.
Jen: And I just, I don't you know how it is the first year, you're not supposed to overwhelm yourself. But, I mean, I know the routine just want to start off slow, I'm looking into programs now maybe start to do an online and then maybe like a class a week.
Natalie Austin: Just to start off
On there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, if you did online. You can go your own pace.
Jen: Which is no right.
Right, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Good for you.
Natalie Austin: Okay um what medicine where you take it away prescribed
Jen: Um, I was taking the Suboxone and then they were. It was giving me a headache. So I just switched switch to sub you tax for a little bit.
Jen: But I want to get back. I want to get back on the Suboxone
Jen: Because I've gotten some recently the headaches really gone away this time around, and I don't want to
Jen: Have I want that blacker in there so it does
Jen: Then to me even take like a Viking in or something so
Jen: We get sick. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Is it the eight you down to the eight
Jen: Are you honey eight milligrams. Yeah, I take eight milligrams two to three times a day because I i've noticed two times a day that 12 hour period in between. I kind of get a little agitated and restless.
Jen: So my friend gate. She said, You know, because I've been to Suboxone doctors before like long time ago, this and that and it changes for me all the time.
Jen: Last time I was on the eight milligrams twice a day. The morning and the night. This time, I've noticed during, you know, around mid
Jen: Mid time, you know, six hours in I start to get a little funky. So I started taking another six or eight and I've noticed it helps. But I do want to, you know, taper down. I don't want to be on it for 10 years you know
Right.
Jen: With the help of tapering down. I think this time, you know that my mentally done last time I was on probation. So I kind of had to do it.
Jen: I mean, I wanted to. Don't get me wrong, but I don't think I was ready so
Jen: Like I said, this time I'm over it. It's not even worth it anymore. I want to live.
Natalie Austin: You do good for you. Good.
Natalie Austin: Yes, of course.
Jen: Don't mind.
Jen: Start running. I didn't take a shower anything yet.
Natalie Austin: Okay, for your past medical history.
Natalie Austin: What else do you have any high blood pressure, diabetes,
Jen: I don't have anything
Jen: The only thing I have always hepatitis C. That's the only thing. But I want to go get blood work actually from my doctor because I've been feeling
Jen: Like I have no energy. Like, I don't want to like clean my house. I have no energy to clean my house I you know
Jen: I don't know if it's the hepatitis C acting up. I've never had this problem before like whatever I you know would quit before. I've never had an energy problem. And everybody's like, all you're getting old.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jen: I mean, that's not really it because you know i've i've been okay before. And so I want to, I don't know if you guys do that when I do go to the lab. But if you guys can do that too. Or if I'm
Natalie Austin: Able to do that.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We should
Natalie Austin: We get lots of labs, so
Natalie Austin: It should cover a lot, you know,
Natalie Austin: Okay, we got a comprehensive that covers like your whole body. Pretty much the company.
Jen: Yeah, like I said, I just, I don't have any energy like I might have the will to want to get up and clean my house, but my body's like and
Jen: Then I want to
Jen: Know, I don't know, like there's a thyroid problem. I don't
Natalie Austin: I don't know why. Right.
Jen: Yeah. And then I gained a little bit of weight to like I was finding that I just woke up.
Jen: One morning, and I had like a stomach a little bit. I was like, wow, this is
Natalie Austin: Weird. Yeah.
Jen: Okay, so I don't know what's going on.
Natalie Austin: So we're gonna add that in there. Okay.
Jen: Okay, it just scares me because I've never been like this before, you know,
Jen: And then I don't know my sleep's all messed up. I can't like I'm in this on this weird sleep schedule like I don't know it's just really beer, this time.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Jen: Pretty sure you give like
Natalie Austin: Oh, sure. What you shouldn't get stuck twice.
Jen: Right, that's I'm saying and I they it takes them a while to find vain, because I don't have a very small veins and
Jen: Every time I get blood work. It's like a good half hour 45 minutes before they can find anything.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have anxiety, depression, do you have
Jen: Yeah, I have a lot of anxiety.
Jen: Depression, I was, I was actually depressed when I was just recently in addiction and you know I that time I didn't want to clean. I had the energy, but I just
Natalie Austin: Didn't
Jen: I was very depressed. Um, but now that I am not on the drugs anymore. I mean, I feel better. I mean, I might still be there but i just i have major anxiety. That's my problem.
Natalie Austin: Have you taken any medicine for that.
Jen: Well, the doctor put me on visceral. But that's really not helping. So
Jen: I mean, I don't know what else there is because it just feels like there's an elephant on me and you know sometimes I work myself up maybe and feel like I have an anxiety attack sometimes but
Jen: I don't know. She gave me something for the depression. I forgot the name of the pill.
Jen: I haven't taken it yet because I want she gave it to me when I was in addiction. So I was like, well, let me get clean and on the Suboxone. See how I feel. And I'm better. You know, I've been on the Suboxone for about 30 days it's, I mean,
Jen: I friend gives it to me. I was like, I can't be doing this. I don't have the money for this, it's illegal. I need go to doctor
Jen: And do it the right way. You know, because
Jen: You know, so, I mean, I feel better. I mean, I might start taking it just to see if it even helps me more, but I don't even wanna. I don't know.
Jen: I don't know.
Natalie Austin: What do you see her again.
Natalie Austin: Um, I have that
Jen: Yeah, I have to make an appointment I have. I was supposed to have one read the left but then I called the pharmacy, AND THEY SAID THAT SHE CANCELED IT, which is not true. She can't. I think she cancelled. One of those scripts that she gave me and gave me a different one.
Jen: So I just
Jen: I just have to get the number on the medication right and give the pharmacy, the number, but I want to make an appointment for this week sometime, because I want to get my flu shot. Anyways,
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. So I would, I
Natalie Austin: Like to her. Tell her you want to chain. You know, you said that this role working
Jen: Right.
Natalie Austin: And I don't know if she wants to
Jen: Answer. Yeah, I don't know if she wants to give me anything else. If there's anything else out there.
Natalie Austin: So I'm sure there's there's so many meds. Now for it.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any are you taking do high blood pressure, high cholesterol.
Jen: Know I was taking I was taking the clotting. But that was for my sweats.
Jen: I still get sweaty here and there, but
Jen: Um, yeah, I was gonna see if she, I don't know if she can give me more clotting.
Natalie Austin: Is this a family doctor or
Jen: Yeah, I just yeah I go get everything done
Jen: There. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh good, perfect. You don't. You don't see a psychiatrist them.
Jen: No, I want to start going back to therapy. I don't think I've ever seen a psychiatrist, but I have gone to therapy, you know, for my PTSD PTSD, but I have not got
Jen: Diagnosed with anything that I've remember but
Jen: You know,
Jen: I have gone to therapy and that helps. So my own to start that back again.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Jen: Okay, I just
Jen: You know, get stuff off my chest, if I need to.
Natalie Austin: What is the PTSD from
Jen: I was molested when I was younger.
Jen: Okay.
Jen: Um, so I usually I get a lot of. I get a lot of thoughts about that, like stuff will just pop in my head that I forgot. For years, and it'll just pop up or
Jen: Just different traumas.
Jen: Like I had a gun to my head. You know, like it just, I've done yeah I've dealt with it, but sometimes it still comes up so
Natalie Austin: That's not a good business.
Natalie Austin: Yeah we THAT'S A GOOD. WE HAVE therapy with our group to
Natalie Austin: Do you need to get that out. Yeah. Talk about
Jen: It doesn't have a lot about it.
Jen: Yeah i mean it's it's not that. I mean, I forgive him. I talked I've talked it out so many times. But I mean, I'm okay with that you know he did what he did. I'm not happy about it. I forgive him which
Natalie Austin: Is
Jen: A good thing.
Natalie Austin: But it is. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, but sometimes still thought just popped in my head. Which is weird, you know,
Natalie Austin: And that's something I wasn't your fault, you know, right.
Natalie Austin: He's an idiot, obviously.
Jen: Yeah, he went to jail. I, you know,
Jen: Did he was on trial. Yeah, he, he didn't go for a very long time because I was 16 at this time it was happening for since I was like seven till I was like 13 maybe
Jen: Oh yeah at 16 I finally told my mom because my brother was born. And I didn't want anything to happen to him.
Jen: So I told her.
Natalie Austin: Was it was a family friend.
Jen: No is my stepfather.
Natalie Austin: Oh. Oh.
Jen: Yeah, my brothers, my brother's father and I don't think at that time, like now I know. I'm sure he wouldn't have done anything to him because he likes girls. He don't want little boys, but
Jen: At the time, I was just like, I don't want anything to happen to my little brother, you know, so
Natalie Austin: If your mom taken
Jen: Mom, she happy.
Jen: She believed me
Jen: Good. Yeah, but she's still like to this day she's like oh you you blame me for what he did to you. And I'm like, No, I don't.
Jen: And she has this thing about Yes You Do you hate me. I'm like, Mom, stop. Like I don't hate you for this, it happened. She's so brings it up. She's like, You're lying. I'm like, Okay.
Natalie Austin: No, no.
Jen: Yeah, so she's
Natalie Austin: Your mom.
Jen: Yeah, I mean, you know, we're not as close as we used to be but I still talk to her in there.
Natalie Austin: She's still with them.
Jen: No.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: That's a good job.
Jen: No, he went to jail when I was 16
Jen: And he's up in Michigan.
Jen: I'm from Michigan so
Jen: But yeah, like when my mom had cancer and stuff that took care of her that I mean we were we were closed because I was helping her. But if you know other besides that, you know, I really don't talk to her that much, you know, just to check on her. Now, so
Natalie Austin: I'll type it all as we're going here.
That's fine.
Jen: I didn't know if you had the same stuff from the last Dr. Like if it just transferred over
Natalie Austin: Yeah, did
Natalie Austin: A lot of it did.
Okay, God,
Jen: I mean, it's all pretty much the same. A little bit like I said I've changed but not not my stories.
Natalie Austin: That's going to have your meds. Yes. So the quantity and then the Gabba Gabba Penton yeah
Jen: I take that on my back issues, but that gave a patent really doesn't help because I don't think it's my nerves.
Jen: That's for nerve pain.
Natalie Austin: Correct. Right.
Jen: Yeah, I mean, I take it, maybe once or twice a day. If I feel like really bad, but I don't think it helps. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah, it's up in the air.
He were
Natalie Austin: Sometimes I see it helps sometimes I don't.
Jen: Right. Like, I don't know what other non narcotic medications. She can give me but
Natalie Austin: I don't know. Muscle relaxer maybe
Jen: Yeah, I got that. And I got an approximation.
Jen: But I don't know it doesn't help a lot. But
Jen: That's okay. I gotta deal with it. I just want to start exercising again because I noticed when I'm active and you know I want to get a lose a little weight, but I've noticed when I'm a little bit thinner and more apt to but it doesn't hurt as much. So
Natalie Austin: Look at what pharmacy, are we using here.
Jen: The one on hundred and 17. Do you have the address.
Natalie Austin: Same ones last time.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm Rite Aid and Lorraine.
Jen: Yes.
Jen: Yes, a rainbow. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Marine Avenue.
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: So you have care source. So there might be. We've had a snafu with this care source that you need a prior authorization
Natalie Austin: But, you know,
Natalie Austin: A prior authorization. They just need like records from us.
Natalie Austin: Saying that yeah it's it's a pain in the butt, but it's usually done within 24 hours and is this paperwork, which is a sign saying you need this medicine.
Jen: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll send it back to them. So I know it's a pain in the butt some new thing that insurance companies are doing now just to cause you to delay another day. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, that's great. Like, I still have to, like, I don't have the money to be buying these from my friend you
Know,
Natalie Austin: Sure, it's always such a scam.
Jen: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And um okay so let's go over Pastor Bill history. Any servers.
Jen: I had a breast augmentation.
Jen: Okay, that's it.
Natalie Austin: You still have your gallbladder. You still have your tonsils appendix.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm family history or your parents both alive. Your mom's alive.
Jen: My mom's live my father died when I was young so
Jen: They're dead.
Or he's dead.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: Oh, he died when I was too though.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Jen: She never made a really no
Jen: No, I have like one tiny memory of them, and I don't even know if that's real.
Jen: If I made that up, long time.
Jen: But I swear I remember it.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's awesome.
Jen: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hey, what's a good memory. But, you know,
Jen: Right, right. We don't want your subconscious maybe makes memories up that you think are real and, you know,
Natalie Austin: You're right.
You know,
Natalie Austin: Um, so, Your mom, your mom has in remission from rescue guys any other issues with her. Does she have diabetes thyroid she
Jen: Know, she's just I think messed up in the head, she gets a disability track. Well, she was in a car accident as well. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think she has anything else wrong though.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. What do you mean, she's dressed up in the head.
She's
Jen: She's bipolar she's
Jen: Russian yeah and that's why she's like, Oh, you have my bipolar, like, Mom, I'm not bipolar like I know what that is, we've learned about it and I'm not bipolar, but
Jen: That's her
Natalie Austin: That's funny. Yeah, that's for that she went on meds for bipolar.
Jen: Um, yeah, she takes a bunch of stuff. Um, some for her anxiety. I don't know what she takes I'm not really nosy so I don't remember like I had it written down a while ago, but I remember
Okay.
Natalie Austin: We should know, high blood pressure, diabetes, this is the main ones that we look at.
Natalie Austin: Now, that's good.
Natalie Austin: That's good.
Natalie Austin: Good for you.
Jen: You know, yet this number emulating my grandfather had was on dialysis for the, you know, kidney
Natalie Austin: My mom's side.
Natalie Austin: Yes, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Yes, that's kidney disease. Yeah, so
Natalie Austin: Yeah. That's just good to know. Good to know for yourself, you know, right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay, social history free alcohol, tobacco drug use.
Jen: myself or my mom.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yourself there so
Jen: Yeah, I was. I drank. You know my 20s, I smoked I quit drinking quit smoking.
Jen: Like my main thing was just the opiates. I never really got into anything else I tried you know MARIJUANA, ONCE OR TWICE didn't like that. I didn't really even start until start using drugs until I was in my early 20s. So mid 20s, like when I
Natalie Austin: See how you gonna see
Jen: I think either from somebody sharing a needle. When I use intravenously. Years ago because I didn't do that this time, or just using my own dirty needles.
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: We don't get it from yourself.
Natalie Austin: You wouldn't get off. Yeah, you would have gotten from someone else.
Natalie Austin: It's okay. Someone gave me the gift to you. Yeah.
Jen: Lovely. I mean, thank God I get HIV, you know,
Jen: I didn't share my my stuff a lot, you know, so
Natalie Austin: Are you getting free going to get treatment for that.
Jen: Yeah, I started, I started to get treatment, but then I stopped because of all, you know, it was just a pain in the ass because of all the tests they wanted to do and I was on probation at the time. And you know how that is you got to do meetings, you got to go down there.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Jen: But, um,
Jen: Yeah, I want to start it back up again because I know there's medication out there that you don't have to. I'm like, lose your hair and go through the chemo.
Jen: Or radiation. You know what number. So yeah, I want to get it taken care of. Because if it's, I don't know if it's my hep C that's acting up why I'm
Jen: So lucky I'm
Natalie Austin: Really, yeah.
Jen: I want to, like, yeah, I want to get that taken care of. To within the next month so
Natalie Austin: Go to your insurance company cover it.
Natalie Austin: Is your shirt. What does your insurance company cover the treatment or did you find out. Yeah.
Jen: I think so, yeah, I think I'm not your but then like when I started with the doctor, you know, he gave me a bunch of tests and i think i think they cover it. I'm pretty sure
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good. It's like $12,000 for the treatment so
Natalie Austin: That's awesome. What they cover. Wow.
Jen: That's, yeah. I had me. I hope they do. I don't know if anything's changed.
Natalie Austin: I hope so too.
Natalie Austin: Ya know, so there's programs out there that you can sign up for to get information on their brands and stuff. I've heard so.
Jen: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, you already said you're single, never married no kids.
Jen: Right.
Natalie Austin: Did you have DID YOU HAVE. Are you pregnant and lost it or
Jen: I was pregnant once and I had an abortion when I was almost 17 so
Natalie Austin: Okay, real. Yeah. Okay. And what do you employed as now what you didn't know
Jen: I'm not working at this time, but
Jen: Okay, I was, I was at Target for a little while, but I want to go back to Walmart just, you know, till I finish school. I mean, Walmart isn't the best job in the world. But it's still good money, you know, like targets like $13 an hour so
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow. That is good. How much is well
Jen: Um, it's 11
Okay.
Jen: It's something for now, you know, until
I finish.
Jen: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How long was your school. Is that like a year or two or
Jen: Um, well, I went to school initially long like long time ago for surgical technology but
Jen: Yeah, since I've gone through being an addict and all this, you know, I want to help others. Other addicts, you know, and I think it's a couple years maybe about a year.
Natalie Austin: And a half
Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Um questions here. Okay, any allergies anything
Jen: Not that I know I've known
Natalie Austin: And the medications will just keep the ones that are in here already. So you said I don't have the visceral in here, though. What's the visceral
Jen: Um,
Jen: Well maybe she did. I don't know why she would cancel it, it's
Natalie Austin: $1
Jen: Yeah okay it's look. Yeah. Hydroxide Xen 50 milligrams
Jen: Yeah, cuz I'm here. It still says, I have one refill.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Jen: Okay, this was, yeah. This is the last one I got.
Natalie Austin: The three times a day or twice a day.
Natalie Austin: He
Jen: He I told her she was, it wasn't enough. And she was supposed to up it, but she says one time three times a day. Yeah, one capsule three times a day.
Jen: Okay, but I was taking two capsules still really wasn't helping me
Jen: So I don't
Natalie Austin: Know about your red list.
Natalie Austin: The Suboxone in here. It does say twice a day. Can we start there. Because if you if you start with like another provider and it's different. They get all freaked out about it. So it's a different dose and blah, blah, blah.
Jen: I mean, it's a different. I mean, I can remember, just like in the middle of the day, what should I do that.
Natalie Austin: Well, what I was thinking of this in the morning. You take your morning one layer you say you got it you take them to get up. Can you wait like an hour.
Jen: Yeah yeah I wait a little while and then I take it, but then like my mouth always fills up with water like my glands are just
Jen: So I just have this mouthful of spit saliva, you know, which I don't know I hopefully like I heard it's supposed to be under the tongue that that on the packages does on the cheek.
Jen: So,
Jen: I don't know if all the medicine like it's coming up from my tongue in my mouth just swishing around
Natalie Austin: Oh, you know,
Jen: So that's kind of gross but
It is gross.
Natalie Austin: whatever is comfortable for you. I would get it closer to the back of your
Natalie Austin: Your cheek with my better
Jen: Yeah, I do. In the back of my tongue usually
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jen: Then I sit with all that in my mouth for a good hour
Natalie Austin: You know yeah because I want it to work. You know, I'm thinking, okay, it's coming up from under my tongue into my mouth.
Jen: I don't know if it's gonna work. So that's why I keep it in there so long.
Natalie Austin: Well, it's because of your bloodstream faster. Those he he don't have to keep it in your mouth that long. It'll still get your bloodstream. If you swallow it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so it tells made subletting writers to make it faster, but you don't don't torture yourself like keeping a mouthful that for an hour.
Jen: I know I'm thinking, okay, when I start working again.
Jen: You know, how am I going to get ready.
Jen: Though, you know what, I still have to eat breakfast. Yes.
Jen: Um, you know, to go with this stuff in my mouth.
Jen: Yeah, yeah. But, okay, so what should I do like mid day when I start feeling, you know, little sweaty and
Natalie Austin: Well, I don't
Natalie Austin: Know that
Natalie Austin: The morning one try to take them the morning. One is ladies, we can. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I guess, and then the evening one ticket URL I should be like 10 and 10 if you can
Natalie Austin: Take the evening, a little bit earlier than
Natalie Austin: Maybe even a
Natalie Austin: So what you don't have that long gap.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jen: We can see how it is from
Jen: There, even if I look like four milligrams in the afternoon. I think that would help a little bit
Jen: But we'll see how that goes.
Natalie Austin: If we need to add that in. We can, but
Natalie Austin: Let's start just where you are.
Natalie Austin: There's no red flags, they won't be like
Jen: No, that's fine. And
Jen: That's fine. And are you going to put me
Jen: Back on the Suboxone instead of the sub you tax now.
Jen: Yeah, okay.
Jen: And are they just drips.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yes. So you want
Jen: Okay, good job strips.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jen: Yeah, the strips are better for me. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and I would mention insurance company, see what's covered, someone said, I think they cover the pills more, but I don't know. Do you know which ones covered by your
Jen: Well, my friends.
Jen: I don't. Yeah. I mean, they do the pills, but I think they're generic or they do the strips, but I think they're just the generic
Natalie Austin: There. Okay, gotcha.
Jen: I mean the generic strips are fine, you know. OK. OK.
OK.
Jen: So what you
Jen: Have to call them and then they have to
Jen: call you back and
Natalie Austin: You know those papers, say you have to sign this so
Natalie Austin: Our office does all that
Jen: Okay, so yeah hopefully they do it today, so I can get on them tomorrow.
Yeah, I agree.
Jen: Because now I have to go back and buy another one from my friend and I don't have the money to be spending on this.
Natalie Austin: I'm sure it's not cheap either
Jen: No it's not, it's I think it's worth
Jen: Then buying
Jen: Oh, no, no, we, I have to pay $20 a strip
Natalie Austin: Of your favorite like 10
Jen: Oh my, no.
Jen: Not WE'RE ON THAT PEOPLE ARE GREEDY.
Wow. That's astounding.
Jen: And I only know one person that has. Um, so, you know, I can't just
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you suck.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, forget the story and we'll work on it, like, ASAP.
Thank you.
Jen: How, how would I know that they're
Natalie Austin: Just call the office that are you good you can call the office back or call the pharmacy.
Jen: Okay, now how many days. Will you be giving me because I know I have to go get my blood work done.
Jen: Two weeks. Okay.
Jen: Um, and I do need the lab information again because I forgot the name is as long as you give me the lab name, I can look at
Natalie Austin: Us quest.
Jen: Quest. That's right.
Jen: Okay.
Jen: Okay, yeah, I just want
Natalie Austin: To get six miles from your house.
Jen: Yeah, the one in Fairview I think they sent my lab work to
Jen: Yeah yeah
Jen: But yeah, I'll get that done this week.
Jen: So at least you can get the blood work. And then, when should I see you again.
Jen: And when
Natalie Austin: Two weeks from today.
Natalie Austin: And I had to
Jen: Learn to join my meeting.
Jen: At all this week.
Natalie Austin: If you want you can we do the meetings on Thursdays.
Jen: Okay, yeah, it was Thursday last time to
Jen: Okay, so. All right, so next not this coming Monday next Monday. I'll see you then.
Jen: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Then let's go over the review systems are you having any withdrawal symptoms, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Jen: See, that's what I'm thinking like, because the. That's why I said three times a day because of the withdrawals in the middle of the day, but all
Jen: I said, I'll try. I'm just anxiety.
Jen: Um, but yeah, just say anxiety and I get a little sweaty sometimes but I gotta get through it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you're tough, you can do it.
Jen: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It was evolving fever, chills, and little bit of sweetness. Right. You said
Natalie Austin: It could be your thyroid to
Jen: Yeah, a little bit of sweating.
Jen: Yeah, a little nodules. Sometimes if I take it on an empty stomach. I get najah
Natalie Austin: I noticed
Natalie Austin: Okay then physical exam. That's all.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Sam.
Jen: I'm by 454 and a
Natalie Austin: Half away.
Jen: How much do you weigh. Oh, she's probably like 171 60 now thank God I can carry it. Well, people tell me, Oh my gosh, you don't even look that up because I think I ran track so like solid, it's not it's not flabby you know
Jen: Like i said i again i I woke up and I gained like 15 pounds like once in a month. I think I'm like I'm not eating like the way I eat. I should be 100 pounds.
Natalie Austin: Wow. Like, seriously.
Natalie Austin: At all.
Jen: But yeah
Natalie Austin: at&t Perla cardiac
Natalie Austin: wearing glasses admin undescended extremities. The Dema
Natalie Austin: Hard regulate rhythm lungs knowledge respiration. Okay, we'll do assessment and planning one opioid use disorder will start the
Natalie Austin: Suboxone eight slides to sublingual films.
Natalie Austin: Will do it twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Will do to a script right now. So that's
Natalie Austin: 28 tablets. OK.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll sign you up signing up for
Natalie Austin: Therapy.
Natalie Austin: Just call back
Natalie Austin: That was real on, I think, is our therapist.
Natalie Austin: With her last time. Okay.
Jen: No, I was, I was going to my own therapist through my
Natalie Austin: Doctor. Okay. That's right. Yeah.
Jen: So this is new for you than ours.
Jen: Yeah. Yeah. But I found some to take the bus.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, exactly.
Natalie Austin: So you do like this. Yeah.
Jen: Why did you guys quitting Ohio for a while.
Natalie Austin: Oh, we're just having issues with a pharmacist.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Wow.
I know, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Hi.
Natalie Austin: From school today.
Jen: Okay yeah cuz it's the holiday. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hey, today's home.
Natalie Austin: And then I'll continue on your other meds for your family doctor
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let's talk about the visceral whatever
Okay.
Natalie Austin: It says skolnick of day. I think that's it. Any other questions for me.
Jen: Know that
Natalie Austin: I'm no
Jen: No.
Jen: Should I call like maybe at the end of the day today. See if they came through.
Jen: Yep. Okay. When do you guys close
Natalie Austin: Oh, we're just like this or
Natalie Austin: Danielle takes myself going to seven o'clock.
Jen: Okay, good.
Jen: Cuz I think it's the pharmacies open till nine so
Jen: Oh, perfect. Yeah.
Jen: Hopefully today.
Jen: By another one.
Natalie Austin: I know, let's hope I'll cross her fingers.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah. Okay. Um,
Jen: Yeah, I guess that's it.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Sounds good. We'll see you in therapy and then we'll see in two weeks as well.
Jen: Okay, awesome.
Natalie Austin: Okay, nice meeting is out of her
Jen: All right, thanks, have
Jen: A good day.
Jen: You too. Bye. Bye. Okay, bye.
Natalie Austin: Sam, I can go. Can mommy for $20 but I only have 10